===== PAGE 1 =====
PROJECT ASSIGNMENT 1 (PA1) 
FIT-HCMUS - CSC13112 - UI/UX Design - Dr. Le Khanh Duy 
Deadline: Please check the submission link on Moodle. 
Total points: 75/500 
This is a teamwork assignment. 
PA Schedule 
 
PA PA (500, subject to change later) 
PA1 75 
 
Product Research 
 
Potential Solutions 
PA2 100 
 
User Research, Vision Document 
 
Use Case Spec 
PA3 150 
 
Paper Prototype (2 scenario * 3 alternatives) 
 
Informal testing 
 
Points for improvements 
PA4 175 
 
 
Hi-fi Prototype 
 
Summative user study 
 
Presentation / Demo 
 
A. Objectives 
In this PA, students are asked to form project groups, survey existing products, then define your project 
problems, initially analyze and propose solutions. 

===== PAGE 2 =====
B. Requirements 
Requirement 0: Group Registration 
Students are asked to form groups of 4-5 students each and fill in the group information on a Google Sheet. 
Requirement 1: Existing Products Research 
This year’s topics are learning and sports. 
Groups are asked to choose 2 real-world products related to sports and analyze them. 
The products can run on web environments, mobile phones, smartwatches, public displays, or any computing  
devices, etc. A product related to sports could be a computing device or an app helping people in play sports 
or simply an online portal where people can read, watch or listen to sport news. Sports here can also cover 
e-sports but you should not choose complex games like PUBG, or MOBAs or ARTS games like Dota, League 
of Legends. If you choose e -sports, you  are encourage to choose games related to physical sp orts like 
football/soccer, chess, etc. 
Write an analysis report about these products from user interaction and experience perspectives based on 
fundamental HCI concepts that the groups have learned so far (human capabilities, user mental models, 
interaction metaphors, usability). 
Groups should answer the following questions: 
● Name and domain of the product. 
● Who are the users? 
● Some core use cases of the product (describe in detail the context of each use case such as where, 
when, situations of users (sitting, standing, lying, running, etc.), and methods of user interaction with 
the product via its interface). 
● Analyze the benefits and drawbacks of the product’s interface based on fundamental HCI concepts. 
● Consider different types of users who might use this application and possible contexts where 
difficulties and hindrances might occur with the given interfaces and interactions that the products 
currently provide. 
When analyzing the benefits or drawbacks of the product’s interface, illustrate with very concrete and specific 
use cases. For example, if a certain screen requires the user to scroll unnecessarily to tap a button due to 
an unreasonably stretched -out interface, explain why. Or if an application automatically saves the current 
page of the book the user is reading but does not provide any feedback, making the system not informative 
about the status to the user, describe this scenario. DO NOT DESCRIBE THE BENEFITS OR DRAWBACKS 
IN GENERIC AND SUPERFICIAL WAYS. 

===== PAGE 3 =====
Requirement 2: Potential Solutions Identification 
Based on the above research, groups should write a brief description proposing several solutions for the 
mentioned drawbacks. These solutions should be practical, innovative, and aligned with the fundamental HCI 
principles learned in class. For each drawback identified, provide a detailed explanation of how your proposed 
solution addresses the issue.  
Requirement 3: Peer Review 
Groups are required to present their work during lecture sessions, within a 5 to 10-minute timeframe.  
After the presentation, lecturers and other group members will provide feedback.  
Groups must document the feedback and questions in a report, including the name of the commenter, the 
feedback or question, and the group's responses.  
They will then have several days to revise the project requirements before submitting the final version on 
Moodle. 
Requirement 4: Weekly Report 
Groups must track each member’s tasks using the provided weekly report template. 
Link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/10Si9z3s-rjtn4oaoz8HMkQP1as7iSPVH/view?usp=sharing  
C. Grading Scheme 
● Requirement 1: Product research (60%) 
● Requirement 2: Potential Solutions Identification (25%) 
● Requirement 3: Peer Review (10%) 
● Requirement 4: Weekly report (5%) 
D. Documents to be submitted 
● Requirement 1: GroupID-PA1-ProductResearch.pdf 
● Requirement 2: GroupID-PA1-PotentialSolutions.pdf 
● Requirement 3: GroupID-PA1-PeerReview.pdf 
● Requirement 4: GroupID-PA1-WeeklyReport.pdf 
Submission name: GroupID-PA1.zip 
 
 